Fail on invalid storage encoding for byte arrays. (#10239)
ethereum/solidity: docs/080-breaking-changes.rst

  This will save gas on errors while it still allows static analysis tools to distinguish
  these situations from a revert on invalid input, like a failing ``require``.

* If a byte array in storage is accessed whose length is encoded incorrectly, a panic is caused.

>   A contract can only get into this situation if inline assembly is used to modify storage byte arrays.

Reviewer: I think that wording it in the negative and mentioning the raw representation would give a bit more emphasis to the fact that having this problem is a very unusual situation.

```suggestion
  A contract cannot get into this situation unless inline assembly is used to modify the raw representation of storage byte arrays.
```
